Welcome to Connect for World Languages.
Your Connect course offers many different kinds of activities
to ensure you achieve mastery of the important concepts.
One such assignment, McGraw-Hill's Adaptive Learning Assignment
is an intelligent learning system
that uses a series of adaptive questions
to pinpoint your unique knowledge gaps.
As you work through the questions on the vocabulary
and grammar presented in each chapter,
the adaptive learning assignment will
identify what you know and don't know and continuously adapt, focusing on the areas where you need help the most.
This allows you to learn and master core vocabulary and grammar at your own pace and results in being better prepared and ready to communicate in class.
After you log in to connect, you'll see the adaptive learning assignment icon over on the right.
When you ready to start an assignment click on the blue arrow Let take a look at this vocabulario assignment Next you see a screen that gives you some of the details of this activity including the due date the points awarded
and how many attempts your instructor has set. When you're ready to move forward, just click
on the begin button. Remember, only work completed prior to the assigned due date will
receive credit. You'll see a welcome screen that reviews the assignment details. Click, start with
questions when you're ready to begin the assignment. Next, you'll get some assignment
tips. Be sure to read these carefully. Each question requires you to do two
things. First, answer the question by either typing in the answer box or selecting an
option. The second part is to select your confidence rating for each question. That's at
the very bottom of each screen. If the question requires you to type in an answer, you'll
also see a small keyboard that you can use to type accented characters As you submit each answer you get feedback from the software to indicate if you got the answer correct or incorrect
You'll also get a little extra information
if you got the answer incorrect.
Notice the status bar across the top,
which shows how many concepts you've completed
and how many more you still need to do.
Also, be careful with your accented letters.
This answer would have been correct,
except that the accents were wrong.
Sometimes you'll be asked to match items or select from multiple choice options.
And if you need to take a break, you can exit the assignment and pick back up where you left off.
You'll know when you have completed the entire assignment with this special screen,
giving you information about your progress, your accuracy, and the questions you had the most trouble with.
Adaptive learning activities also come with reports that let you see at a glance how you're
are doing You can access these from the main screen from the menu on the left side Look for results and then click on your course name
You'll see a list of your assignments.
Click where it says view Attempt to see more details.
Once you've completed an adaptive learning activity, it'll look different on your main page.
Notice the new recharge button.
Recharge allows you to review material you've already mastered by working back through some
of the same concepts. Notice that in recharge mode, progress is not measured and no score will be
recorded. This is simply a way for you to review concepts to recharge your knowledge of them.
Click Exit assignment to return to the main Connect screen. That's it. We've reviewed all the
different aspects of the adaptive learning activities. If you need additional help,
remember that Connect support is available from the main screen. Good luck.
You know,